there was a hum of anticipation and the
buzz of excitement at Stuart Hopsin
middle school recently as a group of
young actors took to the stage for a
performance of Aladdin jr. the
production is a modified version of the
famous disney musical aladdin and
featured a talented cast of fifth sixth
seventh and eighth graders from Stewart
Hobson there were colorful costumes
reflecting the original play about a boy
a lamp and a magic Genie but the witty
dialogue had a little bit of a modern
take hey what did you say your name was
Aladdin he speaks this is gonna be a
snap may call you out you know wow
you're a lot taller than my last master
she there that or I'm getting smaller do
these harem pants make me look fat wait
I'm your master hello direct from the
lamp it's a Jeanie with the light brown
hair so you mean I get to make a wish
and everything yeah like three wishes
awesome but no wishing for more wishes
because that is so yesterday but outside
of that you're the boss this must be
your lucky day all your dreams are
coming true nearly 100 students audition
for roles in the show the lucky 35 who
were chosen spent four months working
tirelessly on the production after
school and even some weekends and there
were stars backstage to with students
doing lighting sound and even designing
the makeup
with a strong cast to work with the play
provided an outstanding opportunity to
blend excellent music and classic
literature to produce a work of
performing art that not only entertained
but met the DCPS standards for quality
learning Aladdin jr. is the latest in a
series of successful productions which
have become a tradition at Stuart Hobson
so keep your eye on the talent that
comes from this Capitol Hill middle
school some of them just may make their
way to Broadway